Add ability to speak next and previous lines/paragraphs when navigating with braille (#17256)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/userGuide.md

To toggle this option from anywhere, please assign a custom gesture using the [Input Gestures dialog](#InputGestures).

##### Speak when navigating by line or paragraph {#BrailleSpeakOnNavigating}

> If this is enabled, NVDA will speak the reached line or paragraph when moving the braille display to the previous or next line.

Reviewer: Using "reached" with this sentence structure, sounds a bit irregular in English. Maybe try:

```suggestion
Enabling this option will cause NVDA to speak lines or paragraphs reached using the braille display's navigation controls.
```

At least, given my understanding of the option as essentially "speech follows braille".

> If this is enabled, NVDA will automatically speak the current line or paragraph when navigating to it with braille navigation keys.

Reviewer 2: Slight rewording that seems better to me, although that cans probably still be improved.

```suggestion
If this is enabled, NVDA will speak the reached line or paragraph when moving the braille display to the previous or next line.
```

> To toggle this option from anywhere, please assign a custom gesture using the [Input Gestures dialog](#InputGestures).

Reviewer 3: While this is not dissimilar to how other commands are written, I know users sometimes have difficulty finding the exact gestures to assign in the input gesture dialog, so I'd like to propose:

```suggestion
To toggle this option from anywhere, please assign a custom gesture to "speakOnNavigatingByUnit" in the "Braille" section of the [Input Gestures dialog](#InputGestures).
```
